Let's talk a little bit about our roadmap to developing our first application the first thing I'm going
to install do is install a couple of dependencies and these are going to be different depending on your
operating system.
So you might be taking this course on either a Mac or Windows or Linux machine depending on what machine
you're on.
We're going to go through a different set of installation directions to get started with couple of dependencies
in this video or this me in this course.
I've provided directions for getting started with Iowa apps on Mac Android on Mac and Android on Windows.
Depending on your operating system you will take one of those tracks and go through to completion.
SUSSMAN The first thing that we do after that we're going to install Yes Slint Yes lint is a system
for automatically catching errors in the code that we write with javascript.
This is optional insulation.
You don't have to use Yeslam if you don't want to but I highly recommend going through it in this course
I've provided e-wrestling installation directions for a couple of different common code editors and
we'll walk through the installation one by one depending upon which code editor you use.
After all that setup we will finally get started by generating a Riak native application and then boom
we're going to start coding.
So the one thing I want to just kind of temper expectations right now are set expectations with reac
native.
Unfortunately there really is a lot of set up to go through.
I just I love starting off tutorials by working on example right away.
Like in the first section or two but unfortunately with re-act native We have to do the set up ahead
of time because we can't write any code without it.
So I encourage you to stay strong we're going to take power through all of this set up and then we're
going to start with the first application the first out that we're going to work on.
It really looks awesome.
I'm very happy with how it turned out.
So I encourage you to tough it out through the installation and then we're going to start with the first
application.
Let's get started in the next section we're going to walking through installation directions.
If you are on Mac with and you want to develop iOS applications so I will catch you in the next section